// Instructions
// Without running the code below, explain in your own words
// what the result of each block of code will be and why.
// If there are any faulty outputs, please write on how we can fix
// them.
// Block 1

// function funcA() {
// console.log(a);
// console.log(foo());
// var a = 1;
// function foo() {
// return 2;
// }
// }
// funcA();

in console we will see:
undefined
2
this is because variable a is declaired but not assigned yet so there is no error but it is not defiened yet.
we got 2 because function foo returns 2 and it is not importaint where we are declaring function before or after calling.

// Block 2
// var fullName = 'John Doe';
// var obj = {
// fullName: 'Colin Ihrig',
// prop: {
// fullName: 'Aurelio De Rosa',
// getFullName: function () {
// return this.fullName;
// }
// }
// };
// console.log(obj.prop.getFullName());
// var test = obj.prop.getFullName;
// console.log(test());

Maybe I am missing somethig but we really didn t learn .this deep in our lessons(it big topic) but as i know from self learning
JS declaring this depending on contant in the moment of function calling so firstly when we directly call function this.FullName 
will point to the object where it located so prop object so it will be 'Aurelio De Rosa'. When we assign test 
to obj.prop.getFullName and afterwards calling test it will try to find some global object, so i suppose that it will be 
either undefuned or if we have global window object in their properties i am not sure but 
we could find something like window.fullName = 'John Doe'.


// Block 3

// function funcB() {
// let a = b = 0;
// a++;
// return a;
// }
// funcB();
// console.log(typeof a);
// console.log(typeof b);

I think they both should give an error because a and b are local variables inside the function and they can not be seen 
outside of function. To aoid ti we should declare them using var or declare outside of function.

// Block 4

// function funcC() {
// console.log("1");
// }
// funcC();
// function funcC() {
// console.log("2");
// }
// funcC();

We will have 2 as result twice because JS engine firs go through all declarations like functions and var, let const etc. 
if we are declaring some function twice it will save the last one and only after will call it. 
With var it is opposite it will go line by line instead

// Block 5

// function funcD1() {
// d = 1;
// }
// funcD1();
// console.log(d);
// function funcD2() {
// var e = 1;
// }
// funcD2();
// console.log(e);

I didn t really know so i tried to run this code and as i see variable d for some reason is showing wothout error unlike obvious e that
can be seen only localu inside of the function. I asked you in the leson why there is no error when i use let in for loop 
and you told me that it declaired something looks like var but not really. So as i see if we don t use any type of declaration
it just make it like super global variable?


// Block 6

// function funcE() {
// console.log("Value of f in local scope: ", f);
// }
// console.log("Value of f in global scope: ", f);
// var f = 1;
// funcE();

In local scope it will be 1 because calling function AFTER assigning variable f 
In global scope it will be undefined because we try to get it before assigning. There is no error because of var-type assigment.







